Session 2
Leipold did not know Goomba. I offered to help. Followed Goomba's character it
Leipold's behest and the two men he was going to consume in the place where
Jesus died. Goomba accidentally ate his dude so I had to finish my dude off.

Goomba is named Vitali.

We buried the two men and made haste to the court. As we came in, the prince was
evaluating some dude and stopped short. The guy wanted to continue the
conversation. This angered the prince greatly (as detected by auspex). Dude
frenzied and Marguerite lopped of his head faster than the eye can see, much to
the delight of the prince (who appeared to have provoked him to frenzy for this
purpose).

The Prince wanted to know where Otho is as he hasn't seen him in 3 months.
Vitali doesn't know. The prince extended a zone of silence to keep their
conversation private.

Ferdinand drinks of the mortal in the chamber but loses control and the mortal
fights back with surprising strength. The Prince has me taste the mortal's blood
to determine what's going on with him. The dude has at least 4 vampire's blood
within him, including that of at least one elder vampire. The Prince is grateful
for my information and wants me to return to do further blood magic tomorrow.

Session 3
When I arrive at court, I am greeted by Liepold, who takes me back into the
catacombs into a chamber that's a series of cages, one of which contains The
Mortal. The rest are empty.

The Mortal, whose name is Piotr, has healed the wound left from Ferdinand's
bite. Piotr had closed the wound on his own without the aid of a healer. Liepold
wants me to understand what's going on with his blood.

I speak with Piotr first and determine that he served Catarina for 60 years and
has been living in Jerusalem for 25-30 years. She left him nearly 5 years ago
and since he'd been serving Noor Ercan since then. He'd also been performing
services for other kindred and in exchange gotten the gift of their Blood. I got
the sense that he was withholding some information but didn't tell me outright
lies. I wasn't sure about it because I had trouble reading his aura. He may have
been compelled to withhold the truth from his Bonds.

I prayed with him and implored him to ask for forgiveness for his sins and for
deliverance for suffering and for a merciful, swift death. Afterward, I informed
him that I needed a drop of his blood, though I wouldn't feed from him to get
it. Instead, I would prick him with a dagger borrowed from Liepold. When I went
to prick his hand, he tried to wrestle the dagger away from me, demonstrating
considerable strength from potence. I overpowered him fairly easily after
spending a couple of blood points and, in the process of pulling my hand away,
smashed his face up against the bars of his cage.

Liepold found this all extremely entertaining and took delight in punishing
Piotr by pinning him down and cutting off one of his hands. I implored him to
stop but couldn't deter him with words and was forced simply to pray as he did
the deed.

Afterward, I tried to impress upon Piotr that his sin was the root cause of his
suffering and had he been a better Christian about this and other things, he
would not be in such a dire situation. I then tasted his Blood and learned that
there was the blood of 4 distinct kindred within him, which I could tell he had
received recently.

Liepold asked me to tell the Prince that he had cut off Piotr's hand in response
to his attacking me and in order to protect me. I told him that I would not lie
before God and before the Prince. He did indeed cut off the hand in response to
the attack and his intent may have been to prevent Piotr from doing future harm
but at the time, I was no longer in any danger. I believe Liepold was primarily
motivated by the delight he took in Piotr's suffering.


Session 4

I am reporting the information to the prince, Liepold has told the prince of his
removing Piotr's hand in a pleasant light. I haven't yet been asked directly
about the attack/hand removal so I haven't spoken of it yet. I suggested giving
Piotr the blood of a kindred with fortitude to ensure his survival from his
wound.

Later, after Liepold is dismissed, I relay the realistic chain of events to him,
which displeases him. He chastises Margarite for Liepold's lack of discipline,
for which I am sure Liepold will suffer.

Prince Tristan (of paris) summons Fernando (Andrew)  for a task, retrieving a
kindred man  an hour's ride West of Jerusalem. The kindred is named The Wolf. He
is a bit of a recluse but is loyal to the Prince. He then beckons Vitali over as
soon as he walks into the room. He immediately asks "and where is Otho."

Vitali relays some rambling madness about referencing the book of revalation
where locusts had scorpion tails (Revelation ch. 9) was revealed to him as he
watched the crowds as they passed into Jerusalem. The Prince hates that he has
to listen to such nonsense but knows that the madness bears useful fruit. He
assigns Vitali to travel with Fernando and I to get The Wolf.

The Wolf is a Gangrel who in the first years of Kindred arriving in Jerusalem,
he was an aggressive and violent supporter for Prince Tristan but now prefers to
be out in the wilderness in his lodge. The Wolf also is responsible for Worf-ing
a Duras of the Prince. I also know a bit about Otho, Vitali's sire and his role as a sort of mad Oracle for The Prince.

We ride out to the West for The Wolf. The Prince's ghoul Jean informs us that we
must approach The Wolf's cabin with caution and respect. Fernando approaches
ahead of us as we wait behind.

Inside, he finds the Wolf staked, naked, dead, and exanguinated. I had covered
him with my robe and began to say a prayer for his immortal soul when we heard a
pack of animals approaching. The cabin is surrounded by 29 wolves. We cut open
the thatched roof and climb atop it. Fernando calms the wolves with his animal
ways and we get down and begin to walk. The wolves appear to have been through a
battle. Fernando stops to kneel before a wolf and pet it. We make our way to the
cart and leave before the wolves scatter. A number of the wolves are following
us but not in an aggressive way. As we approach the city, the wolves mostly
disperse except for one wolf who tries to stay with us. The wolf stops
following about 5 minutes outside the city.

I have been chosen as the one to relay the news to the Prince. The Prince is no
longer holding court when we arrive so we make our way through the tunnels in
darkness. After relaying the information to the Prince, we go down to Poitr
where Fernando allows him to drink of his Blood to fortify his health.

Session 5

I took no notes at the time :(

I tried to switch my bible out at the greek church, I   saw an obfuscated lady
steal a cistern. I tried to stop her discreetly so she killed a guy to make a
distraction and fled. Goomba popped up. We chased her to the rich part of the
town where Andrew happened to be. We stopped her and gave her housing and
apologized. I took the cistern and gave her some gold in order to take it back
to the church.

Session 6

Had church, one herd bro said he talked to a guy who had interest in our beliefs
it was Piotr

Session 7
Upon hearing that Piotr may have similar beliefs, I go to court to try to speak
with him clandestinley about it. When I arrive, someone is screaming at the
Prince inside his zone of silence. Margarite and Liepold are watching
attentively, Liepold with delight, probably assuming he's going to get to
mutilate this man. The Prince seems to be enjoying the man's ranting. To my
surprise, he is allowed to storm off.

He looks like an older man, perhaps from northern europe, dressed in finery. He
has long grey, tied back hair.

Guy is a vampire from Denmark, white aura (clear conscience) with hints of black
(hatred).  He's holding a malkavian-ish twitch to himself. He is dressed as if
wealthy but all of his things are torn and dirty, even though he can't have been
imprisoned for long. It would seem he has done this to himself while
imprisoned.

His name is Erich.

Session 8

There was a lot that happened after the last notes but I didn't record them or
lost them? Essentially, we were sent back into the catacombs by Prince Tristan
to get one of the Nosferatu to return and give an accounting fro what the fuck
is going down in there. He wants them to know that if one of them doesn't come
to give an account, he will send in Margarite and Liepold.

Vitali went into a fugue about summoning the devil or some such after reading
the entrails of the killed dude. His ramblings were related to the following
scripture:

  ``And out of the smoke locusts came down on the earth and were given power
    like that of scorpions of the earth. 4 They were told not to harm the grass
    of the earth or any plant or tree, but only those people who did not have
    the seal of God on their foreheads. 5 They were not allowed to kill them but
    only to torture them for five months. And the agony they suffered was like
    that of the sting of a scorpion when it strikes. 6 During those days people
    will seek death but will not find it; they will long to die, but death will
    elude them.

    7 The locusts looked like horses prepared for battle. On their heads they
    wore something like crowns of gold, and their faces resembled human faces. 8
    Their hair was like women’s hair, and their teeth were like lions’ teeth. 9
    They had breastplates like breastplates of iron, and the sound of their
    wings was like the thundering of many horses and chariots rushing into
    battle. 10 They had tails with stingers, like scorpions, and in their tails
    they had power to torment people for five months.``

Fernando tries to convince on one of the Nosferatu to come to the court. He
tells us that he hasn't been to court in 15 years becauese 15 years ago, the
Prince at least sanctioned the killing of 9 Nosferatu over the course of 2
weeks. We then tried to impress upon them the seriousness of the Prince's
threat.

Yakov agrees to come with us to speak to the Prince on the condition that we
blood bond ourselves to him. We agree with the additional term that he also
drinks my blood.

Yakov feeds on animals, and carries faintly the blood of other kindred in him
(not recently and not in large amount but probably in the last month or so). He
seems to be more powerful than me (probably a 6 or 7). There is a senses of a
great concentration of blood in him right now.

Before giving him my blood, I pray with him for the protection of the Nosferatu,
peace between Kindred and Kine, and thanking Christ that we can give the gift of
our blood to one another.

We left Vitali in the care of the Nosferatu and went with Yakov to court. Prince
Tristan tells all others to leave (aside from the Kindred he was speaking to).

Prince Tristan exclusively drinks vampire blood. He is of a comparable level of
power to Yakov. He seems to have worked miracles, rituals, and spells on his
blood over the years.

The Prince has charged us with figuring out whether or not Yakov is responsible
for the death of the wolf.

Session 9

I go to Fernando's house and when I arrive Guillermo answers the door. I am
directed to the back of the house and see [James] and Fernando standing over the
body of a vampire, gushing blood onto his white robes.

We tied him up thoroughly and I tried to give him some blood and heal him but I
botched the excite the blood, making him super strong. He then broke his bonds
and we had to beat him up and stake him.

He seriously wounded Guillermo but Fernando gave him some blood in order to
stabilize him.

Session 10
What is going on? [James] came to buy a horse and The Killer was hiding and
attacked when spotted by Fernando. He is wearing a similar outfit to the dead
man found in the caves. James is Mattias of the Order of the Templar.

We load The Killer into the cart and hitch it to a horse with the intent to
bring him to the Prince. Mattias comes along.

Prince Tristan has no pertinent information about the cult The Killer or his
counterpart from the cave seem to represent. Their daggers appear to be from the
Muslim world and of exquisite craftsmanship. The Prince believes, at my
suggestion, that questioning the better craftsman of the city would be a
sensible next step.

Prince Tristan comes down with us to the cages in order to deposit The Killer.
In the cages are Piotr, the Malkavian, and a third occupant I don't know. There
is also what appears to be a Kindred guard who was talking to the third as we
arrived. Tristan does not seem happy with the squalor that Piotr is left in and
has his dookie bucket removed.

We put manacles on The Killer before un-staking him. The kindred guard (Gunther)
is authorized to cut off The Killers hands and feet or kill him if necessary, at
my discretion and is ordered to kill him if my life is endangered.

I gaze into The Killer's soul and see that he is joyful and concentrated. He
bears the marks of diablerie. The Killer's original target was Mattias though
now he seems delighted to be near the Prince. The prospect of killing him
excites him. He gives no real answers and initially pretends only to speak
Arabic, though he later revealed that he could speak Frankish. He uses some sort
of power to attack Fernando with just his words, causing him to flee in terror
and hack up a bit of congealed blood.

I taste the congealed blood to gain knowledge about it. Oddly, the blood is far
more of The Killer than of Fernando. I am now, unfortunately bound to him. The
bond didn't last long because the prince immediately had Margarite behead him.

Margarite is ordered to stay by the Prince's side. I go home to one of my cult
members' houses and tell them to keep an eye out for white robed folks but don't
confront them. I then returned to Fernando's.

Session 11
I bought a dot in investigate.

Next night: Fernando asks Mattias and I how we feed in this town. I sugggest
'mingling with people'. Fernando gives the stab-wounded Guillermo the day off.

Vitali shows up saying that he was looking for me. He wants me to taste the
blood of a dead witch to see if I can say how she died (which is not within my
power). She was a witch that Vitali had gone to in order to find out about the
heart of the white robed man he had, then she was killed. Fernando would like to
find another witch because he is tormented by a spirit. I suggest prayer.

We go to the neutral hunting ground tavern and there are two other Kindred
there: a wealthy woman with an aura of anger and a buff commoner looking man
with a lustful aura.

I buy a drink and nurse it while trying to listen to people's conversations in
hopes of picking up something about the White Robed people or someone expressing
religious interest that may get them into my cult. I hear some people talking
about a man following old rituals by the Dome of the Rock. There are four or
five people in the group.

The man was dressed all in white. He went into the temple, gave some sort of
"old sacrifice" and then walked out. He came out with blood in his clothing.

It turns out the guys are from Herzogtum Franken so I chat them up about home
for a bit before Fernando comes up to me to say he wants to bone a lady. I tell
him we should investigate the Dome murder instead and he goes to let the lady
down while I go to round up Vitali and Mattias. We make our way to the Temple
but first stop by the entrance of the tunnels to the court to tell a ghoul to
inform the prince of what we're doing.

The Temple is guarded by the Knights Templar. Mattias gets rid of them and we go
inside. The cross is gone. The altar is defaced with blood and there's a body
right on top of it. The body is dressed in Templar robes. His armor is unhooked
and his heart has been removed. I taste some of the blood on the altar and
determine that the body was human.

A moment later, I hear some of the Templar approaching. Mattias cloaks himself
in shadow, Fernando joins him in those shadows, and Vitali fades into
invisibility. I cry "help." The Templar see me and the body and assume that I am
responsible and put manacles on me. I assure them that I am innocent and begin
walking away with them, being taken into custody. Mattias leaves his shadows and
tries to persuade them not to make a hasty judgment about my guilt. A few
moments later, two Templar run from the room with the Rock, crying out "The
Devil!" Panic ensues as some Templar rush into the room and some flee. I follow
the guard who has the key as he flees until he eventually slows. I convince him
to give me the key and Vitali unshackles me.

Session 12
Thinking back on the murder scene, the chest cavity of the killed man was devoid
of blood. Some spell was used that drained the mortal of every last drop of his
blood.

Fernando is off somewhere. I believe I should go report this incident to the
Prince. Vitali doesn't mant to see the prince before his task of finding Otho is
done so he is off to divine a crowd. Mattias needs to feed. We decide to split
up and meet back at Fernando's house tomorrow night at the latest.

Just kidding, Vitali and I both go to Court. Court is in session but when we
arrive, it's just Prince Tristan, Margarite, a single Kindred in full black
robes with long black hair arguing with the prince in the zone of silence and a
handful of mortals.

The Prince had to shoo away the Kindred, who was very upset. He asked Mattias to
speed up the transaction.

I went with Mattias to meet with his sire. His sire is leading the templar's
nighttime watch. He was a dick to mattias about the prospect of him being a
target of assassins.

We went back to Fernando's.

Session 13
Guillernot fetches a couple of young men to feed on and then Fernando apparently
has a ghost that makes them go mad and see the devil.


